README.md, before:

[![made-with-python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Python-1f425f.svg)](https://www.python.org/) [![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://lbesson.mit-license.org/) [![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg)](https://github.com/EagleoutIce/sltx/graphs/commit-activity) [![PyPI version shields.io](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/sltx.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/sltx/)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-WIP-purple.svg)](https://github.com/EagleoutIce/sltx)
![Publish to Test-PyPI](https://github.com/EagleoutIce/sltx/workflows/Publish%20to%20Test-PyPI/badge.svg) [![Run tests](https://github.com/EagleoutIce/sltx/actions/workflows/run-tests.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/EagleoutIce/sltx/actions/workflows/run-tests.yaml)

# sltx 0.1.x

- [sltx 0.1.x](#sltx-01x)
  - [Short overview](#short-overview)
  - [How tos'](#how-tos)
    - [How to get](#how-to-get)
    - [How to setup](#how-to-setup)
    - [How to compile](#how-to-compile)
    - [How to run](#how-to-run)

## Short overview

`sltx` is a simple (python 3.5+) script, i've written for *my own purposes* (LaTeX).
It uses `sltx-dep.yml` files to track my latex dependencies over various repositories and installs them on the host-system.
I use it only under linux, with texlive installed, but it should work for other os too.
You can configure the installer for your host-system using the `sltx-config.yml` or supply it while installing.

## How tos'

### How to get

The script including the Package `sltxpkg` is available with [pypi/sltx](https://pypi.org/project/sltx/)
So simply install it like any other Python package with `sltx` with pip:

```bash
pip3 install sltx
```

Afterwards `sltx` should be available as a normal script! Afterwards you can
updates with `pip3` and the `--upgrade`-flag.

### How to setup

If you just want the auto configuration, type

```bash
sltx auto-setup
```

Please note, that this command requires docker to be installed.
If you have texlive or an comparable variant (having a *texmf-home*) installed on your local machine
you may use the `-d` flag to download the LaTeX-libraries shipped with the container(s).

### How to compile

If you just want to compile a document and have any docker container installed, use:

```bash
sltx compile <document>
```

If you do not want to compile in the docker-container (or if you have none), please use the following instead.

```bash
sltx raw-compile <document>
```

For further help add `-h` to the commands to get more information about arguments.

### How to run

Just run `sltx` or `sltx -h` to get the help menu.
If you want to install dependencies from a file like `dep.yml` run:

```bash
sltx dep dep.yml
```

If you have your own configuration, lets say it is name "config.yml" add `-c config.yml`.

If you want to generate a *github workflow* just type `sltx gen-gha`.

Commit message:

remove toc from readme due to github update, added wrapper scripts
Signed-off-by: EagleoutIce <maeusepiep99@web.de>

README.md, after:

[![made-with-python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Python-1f425f.svg)](https://www.python.org/) [![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://lbesson.mit-license.org/) [![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg)](https://github.com/EagleoutIce/sltx/graphs/commit-activity) [![PyPI version shields.io](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/sltx.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/sltx/)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-WIP-purple.svg)](https://github.com/EagleoutIce/sltx)
![Publish to Test-PyPI](https://github.com/EagleoutIce/sltx/workflows/Publish%20to%20Test-PyPI/badge.svg) [![Run tests](https://github.com/EagleoutIce/sltx/actions/workflows/run-tests.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/EagleoutIce/sltx/actions/workflows/run-tests.yaml)

# sltx 0.1.x

## Short overview

`sltx` is a simple (python 3.5+) script, i've written for *my own purposes* (LaTeX).
It uses `sltx-dep.yml` files to track my latex dependencies over various repositories and installs them on the host-system.
I use it only under linux, with texlive installed, but it should work for other os too.
You can configure the installer for your host-system using the `sltx-config.yml` or supply it while installing.

## How tos'

### How to get

The script including the Package `sltxpkg` is available with [pypi/sltx](https://pypi.org/project/sltx/)
So simply install it like any other Python package with `sltx` with pip:

```bash
pip3 install sltx
```

Afterwards `sltx` should be available as a normal script! Afterwards you can
updates with `pip3` and the `--upgrade`-flag.

### How to setup

If you just want the auto configuration, type

```bash
sltx auto-setup
```

Please note, that this command requires docker to be installed.
If you have texlive or an comparable variant (having a *texmf-home*) installed on your local machine
you may use the `-d` flag to download the LaTeX-libraries shipped with the container(s).

### How to compile

If you just want to compile a document and have any docker container installed, use:

```bash
sltx compile <document>
```

If you do not want to compile in the docker-container (or if you have none), please use the following instead.

```bash
sltx raw-compile <document>
```

For further help add `-h` to the commands to get more information about arguments.

*Note*: With version 1.64 there should be the wrapper scripts `sltxc` for `sltx compile` and `sltxrc` for `sltx raw-compile`.

### How to run

Just run `sltx` or `sltx -h` to get the help menu.
If you want to install dependencies from a file like `dep.yml` run:

```bash
sltx dep dep.yml
```

If you have your own configuration, lets say it is name "config.yml" add `-c config.yml`.

If you want to generate a *github workflow* just type `sltx gen-gha`.
